#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alembic==1.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restx
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via middle-auth-client
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via flask
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
emannotationschemas==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==1.1.4
    # via
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restx
    #   middle-auth-client
flask-accepts==0.18.4
    # via emannotationschemas
flask-admin==1.5.8
    # via emannotationschemas
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via emannotationschemas
flask-restx==0.5.1
    # via
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-accepts
furl==2.1.3
    # via middle-auth-client
geoalchemy2==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   emannotationschemas
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jsonschema
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jsonschema
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via flask
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via flask
jsonschema==4.2.1
    # via flask-restx
mako==1.1.5
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-accepts
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.10.0
    # via emannotationschemas
middle-auth-client==3.9.0
    # via emannotationschemas
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   pandas
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==21.2
    # via geoalchemy2
pandas==1.3.4
    # via emannotationschemas
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   emannotationschemas
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   pandas
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   flask-restx
    #   pandas
redis==4.0.0
    # via middle-auth-client
requests==2.26.0
    # via middle-auth-client
shapely==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   emannotationschemas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restx
    #   furl
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   emannotationschemas
    #   geoalchemy2
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via importlib-metadata
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-accepts
    #   flask-restx
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via deprecated
wtforms==3.0.0
    # via flask-admin
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources